README.md, before:

# vue-typescript-realworld-app

> A Vue + Typescript implementation of RealWorld App

![Vue Typescript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app/develop/public/vuets.png?token=AEFKFPB4TLLVTGOFCSKLU5K433J2I)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/typescript.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/typescript)
[![tyescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/types-TypeScript-blue.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/types-TypeScript-blue.svg)

## Why Vue and TypeScript?

__Vue.js__ is one of the most popular Javascript frameworks. After the release of version 3 of the Vue CLI, it is now possible to integrate __Typescript__ into a Vue app.

Instead of doing the classic *To-do list* demo, I choose to develop an app based on [RealWorld app](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld), which requires professional knowledge, as well as showing the main features to the beginners

## Getting Started

For this project you need [__Node__](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine with [__Npm__](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [__Yarn__](https://yarnpkg.com)

### Installing

You can clone this repository using __Git__:
```bash
https://github.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app.git
```
Or download the repository [here](https://github.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app/archive/develop.zip)

Open a terminal and type, inside the root directory:
```bash
npm install 
# OR
yarn install
```

for installing all the dependencies. At the end type, in the same folder:
```bash
npm run serve
# OR
yarn serve
```
for running the Vue.js server. It will be up and running at this address: http://localhost:8080.

## Deployment

You can also create a build version of this repository running the command:
```bash
npm run build
# OR
yarn build
```

## Built With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - A Javascript framework
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Javascript based-type language
* [Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org/) - Centralized State Management for Vue.js
* [vue-property-decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator) - Typescript decorators for Vue.js components
* [vuex-module-decorators]() - Typescript decorators for Vuex

## Next Version

- [x] Initial setup
- [x] Fetch articles
- [ ] Login / Register
- [ ] Edit profile
- [ ] Add new article

...and other 😄


## Contributing

Pull Requests for adding features ⇄ and ★ are welcome 😎

Commit message:

:yum: add netlify badge and deployed version URL

README.md, after:

# vue-typescript-realworld-app

> A Vue + Typescript implementation of RealWorld App

![Vue Typescript](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app/develop/public/vuets.png?token=AEFKFPB4TLLVTGOFCSKLU5K433J2I)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/87b6d074-ba9c-4e61-929c-0d8664242909/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/vigilant-mcclintock-20dde9/deploys)
[![contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/dwyl/esta/issues)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/vue)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/typescript.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/typescript)
[![tyescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/types-TypeScript-blue.svg)](https://img.shields.io/badge/types-TypeScript-blue.svg)

## Why Vue and TypeScript?

__Vue.js__ is one of the most popular Javascript frameworks. After the release of version 3 of the Vue CLI, it is now possible to integrate __Typescript__ into a Vue app.

Instead of doing the classic *To-do list* demo, I choose to develop an app based on [RealWorld app](https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld), which requires professional knowledge, as well as showing the main features to the beginners

## Getting Started

For this project you need [__Node__](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine with [__Npm__](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [__Yarn__](https://yarnpkg.com)

### Installing

You can clone this repository using __Git__:
```bash
https://github.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app.git
```
Or download the repository [here](https://github.com/dj0nny/vue-typescript-realworld-app/archive/develop.zip)

Open a terminal and type, inside the root directory:
```bash
npm install 
# OR
yarn install
```

for installing all the dependencies. At the end type, in the same folder:
```bash
npm run serve
# OR
yarn serve
```
for running the Vue.js server. It will be up and running at this address: http://localhost:8080.

## Deployment

You can also create a build version of this repository running the command:
```bash
npm run build
# OR
yarn build
```

You can see a deployed version of this appliction here: __https://vigilant-mcclintock-20dde9.netlify.com/#/__

## Built With

* [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) - A Javascript framework
* [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Javascript based-type language
* [Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org/) - Centralized State Management for Vue.js
* [vue-property-decorator](https://github.com/kaorun343/vue-property-decorator) - Typescript decorators for Vue.js components
* [vuex-module-decorators]() - Typescript decorators for Vuex

## Next Version

- [x] Initial setup
- [x] Fetch articles
- [ ] Login / Register
- [ ] Edit profile
- [ ] Add new article

...and other 😄


## Contributing

Pull Requests for adding features ⇄ and ★ are welcome 😎
